Hello everybody, welcome to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California!
Harmontown is now in session. Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Thank you. Thank you for coming out. You're all wonderful. Let's figure everything out.
How are you, Dan? I'm good. I just came from doing the treatment with Elvis Mitchell.
Californians will know what I'm talking about, KCRW, Elvis Mitchell. Very wily and unexpectedly deep researcher in terms of his interviews.
I don't know, I can't figure that guy out. He was asking me questions about comic books I wrote in the 90s.
It was weird. Weird how? He did so much research?
It was very insightful and asking strange questions that had never been asked.
I had heard him interview people before. I was always fantasized about being a guest of his one day.
Maybe I'll be a writer and I'll be interviewed by this guy who interviews writers.
Somebody had told me, yeah, he draws weird parallels and connects weird dots that may or may not be there but you.
Then he did. He was talking about how all of my work was about sensitivity, exposed nerves. That's what he kept saying.
I kept saying it's about humanity versus systems. That's what I always thought.
But he kept saying exposed nerves, which I guess, yeah, I don't know.
I feel like you have exposed nerves. Well everyone does. What does that even mean? I don't know.
It feels like I just hit one right now. What is that supposed to mean?
It was odd and insightful. I was on fire. Do you think it's a catchphrase of his that he's applied to lots of people?
No, God knows. Absolutely. He just gave you.
I don't think he doesn't have catchphrases. He doesn't have catchalls that he uses with each individual guest.
With each guest, the gimmick seems to be that all of a sudden he's asking a question that's sort of like, oh yeah, I guess.
I guess so. I guess. I don't know how to explain it. Listen to it. I'm plugging it. I was happy with the interview.
The other weird thing is it was at the house of the guy who created SpongeBob SquarePants.
But he wasn't on the show. It was just at his house. Is it always at his house? No, it's not.
Is he always host from a different... No, he just not always host from a house. And no, there's not...
It was pulled up at a giant house, the kind of house you'd expect to have if you created SpongeBob SquarePants.
A giant pineapple. Rolled in. And there were... There's just all these people. I guess they're KCRW donors.
Kind of well-heeled, liberal types. Like kind of ersatz Tim Robbins' and eating prosciutto and things and drinking the lightful Campari drinks.
They were low-budged Tim Robbins? Well, I wouldn't call them low-budged. Well, I'm saying non-Tim Robbins Tim Robbins.
Handsome old men with gray feathered hair. But just not... They weren't in the hide-sucker proxy. Yeah, exactly.
There were actors. I'm sure there were a lot of them were captains of industry or something. They were all patrons of public...
All hanging out at the creator of SpongeBob's house? All at SpongeBob's house. Even though SpongeBob, who I talked to...
I don't think he likes to be called SpongeBob. He was just like...
Yeah, it's at my house, man. Good to have you here. He was there like...
Yeah, but only because his wife was like... I think she's into... I think from talking to him when I gleaned is his wife is very active in that community.
And so offered up their home as a venue. The high-falutin liberal writer type community or what community?
Well, I don't know. These people were... I believe they were primarily donors. They were like people who really keep KCRW going.
Yeah, I got you, yeah. So just a... Still the strangest... I said to Elvis Mitchell when I got there, well, I've listened to your show a bunch of times.
I've heard you interview people. I've never... I didn't know that when I was listening to it, you were in a living room full of middle-aged...
Timsters. I never picked up on that. He said, oh, no, we've never done this before. I was like, okay, all right, I'll see you on the ice.
And we just sat in front of a fireplace surrounded by delightful primarily caucasoid...
People kind of just sitting enthralled at every little word I had to say about how I was angry at executives and how humanity should fight the system.
It was invigorating. Did you ever get like a back rub from anybody?
There was a point where Elvis started rubbing me, but it was radio, so you won't be able to tell from listening.
And I didn't feel like I was allowed to say no, which is fucked up. But I also don't feel like I'm allowed to say that.
But also, you have a lot of exposed nerves. What do you mean? But it was nice. It was interesting.
And I felt very articulate. I went up and I stumbled over my words very little. I felt like I was in a room full of my parents or something.
And I had to rise to the level of my cardigan.
I'm not saying this to be glib. Had you drunk less? Did you show up a little bit?
No, I had like three of these wonderful drinks they made that were Kampare grapefruit drinks.
I don't know if I was less drunk than I usually am at four in the afternoon.
I'm asking, was it a gig? You go like, you know, I'm going to have a...
No, I wasn't. If anything, I was a little panicked about how sober I was because I was like, I don't want my brain to get in the way of what's going on here.
I've got a lot of weird class issues and stuff. Living room full of rich people listening to me.
Do you make any friends outside of Elvis? I don't make...
Friends, I don't know what that means. You be like, a snowman? Like you go in the front yard? How do you make a friend?
You and these white people on the couch with the gray hair and the back ribs.
Was there an after party? Did you guys...
There was a mingling.
In my mind, the sun goes down and you guys are in the tub.
It gets back an alien.
Hey guys, there's a room full of swim trunks. We've got all sizes. Whatever you want.
But I was really taken and a little put off by how handsome everyone was.
Because they're all over 50 and they all look under 30.
And I'm 41 and I look 60. And I felt like that was okay.
But the guy that created SpongeBob's got a 15-year-old kid and I won't drop his age.
He told me how old he was and I was shocked.
You know, it's weird when somebody tells you how old they are and you're...
My response was like, holy shit! But I forgot to say,
I'm saying that because you look young.
So somebody goes like, I'm 52 and you go, wow!
Fuck! Jesus Christ!
Holy smoke!
What's that like?
But there's a... I mean, people that are...
I don't know, they must eat algae and not drink and just walk in a treadmill and do crunches, fight crime.
I don't know what they do.
Your faces look like little kendals.
We've both been to parties full of rich white people.
People with lots of money tend to age well.
They get really good health care and shit.
Yeah, so the guy that created SpongeBob...
They take a lot of vacations, they get some vitamin D and stuff like that.
They know how to...
And I wonder, does that mean they're going to live to 150?
Or does that mean, as Erin said, no, they're going to die when you die,
but they're going to do so gracefully.
They'll probably die 20 years later too, by the way.
But I mean, they'll have a better quality of life.
He looks like Davey Jones.
The guy that created SpongeBob, he is like...
The number of his age is like, you're like,
wow, you should have thrown in the towel biologically.
It's a couple years older than me, but it's like, I associate it with like, fuck it.
Like, you should be wearing Kleenex boxes on your feet,
and you should be flipping off traffic and shooting your TV with a 38
and fucking checking out, man.
And he looks like Davey Jones.
I did that show a long time ago.
Yeah, and he looks great.
It's amazing to me.
I get a little jealous, I guess.
I should eat some kale or something.
I feel like the secret, for the wealthy people that I know that have awesome lives,
they spend a lot of their time on vacation.
There's lots of like, Riviera's and things.
You're on a boat a lot.
Here's somebody who's...
To me, this is a truly remarkable...
I wish there was a way we could...
Somebody Wikipedia Stan Winston and tell me how old he is.
Is that the special effects guy?
Yeah.
He was on a...
We're watching the newest season of King of the Nerds.
Remember when we had Genevieve Pearson on the show?
She was a contestant on King of the Nerds.
There's a new season of that.
Stan Winston comes out with a robot he built or whatever.
He looks like a fuck...
He looks like Tony Hawk or something.
I have been to his old house many times because Ryan Stiles from Hooseline bought his old house in L.A.
I think he recently sold.
And his house is up in this old house that he got rid of.
You'd be young if you had this house.
It's up in the valley side of the Hollywood Hills like towards Encino.
There's a backyard that if you were the guy in the world that could throw a football the farthest,
you couldn't throw a football out of that yard.
And it was like the front of it looked like if Bilbo Baggins was as tall as Gandalf.
It looked like a shire home except the person that lived there was 11 feet tall.
We have shared units of measure like acres and yards.
If you...
You don't have to...
Nobody knows...
No, I see...
Fuck you because...
No, no, no.
If I said...
Dan, it was 14,000 square feet.
You would go...
You wouldn't know what I was talking about.
You would say...
You would say how many hobbits?
How many Gandalfs?
If I was a Gandalf, how many hobbits?
How dare you?
All right.
You hit my exposed nerve, you son of a bitch.
I really do.
It's a house there from the front.
You go, that looks like a nice beautiful like Bilbo Baggins Eve Gandalf house.
And you get inside it.
You can get lost in the cocksucker.
You can actually hang a wrong turn.
And you go, okay, I do remember how to get back to the wine cellar.
I know that there was a pool table, but you can't.
And I think it's not all...
The old comic...
If you go to Pottery Barn, if you're lucky enough to get it before they sell out of the five
that they keep on the counter, Jeff's album of covers of classics, it's called Lost in the Cocksucker.
It's so beautiful.
You're not...
It's not original stuff, but you really bring new life into...
I'd say it's all...
It's only a paper moon.
I do sound assailants.
It's good stuff.
It's mostly zither.
But I feel like...
The comic Joe E. Lewis from the 2030s I said, he said, money isn't everything, but it calms the nerves a little.
And I think that there's a thing about wealth.
If you're not...
Wealth can also destroy you.
Wealth can turn you into a scruge and a concussion and weaken your cells, I think,
if all you care about is competition.
Our people, and I think in our world, this little enclave that we live in,
I don't meet rich tycoons.
I don't meet entrepreneurs and shit.
I meet rich comedians and singers and stuff like that.
I think it may be the art that keeps them young.
But I think there's a way to grow old gracefully, and certainly money doesn't hurt.
Speaking of...
No, fuck that.
All right, so here's a new segment called, what am I doing?
What's Dan Harmon doing?
So the most boring segment we've ever done.
Let's get it out of the way.
Do you have a boring song?
A boring song?
That song I almost started the show with.
What's Dan Harmon doing this week on a schedule?
So tomorrow morning I'm going in.
You guys may have seen me on Twitter or the whatnot,
making fun of the fact that there's this Dungeons & Dragons anthology on tape coming out, on tape.
It's on ceramic disc, I think.
On audible bit bites.
Ice-T did this Dungeons & Dragons thing.
And he was interviewed about it, I guess he was saying things like,
Yes, weirdest thing I ever read.
It's a bunch of gobbledygook.
I've been doing my impression of Ice-T.
Stignots the orc came down the mountain wielding his axe plus three.
It wasn't personal.
It was business.
Wait, can I pause real quick?
Sure.
Because I currently have 14 questions.
Question number one, a dungeon master, he's narrating?
He's reading an outline?
He's reading an audible book.
It's a D&D book.
Thanks a lot.
What a lighthouse.
In my stammering, the only words I had were D&D book.
Like a player's guide or a monster manual?
Adam?
Okay, Adam.
They're not saying boo, they're saying Adam.
I was saying boo.
He's doing a D&D novel and he talked on his podcast, which he now has,
about how motherfuckers have maps for places that don't even exist.
It's ridiculous.
I read this to my D-group and we named our group places that don't motherfucking exist.
Did someone put him up to this or something genius producers say?
He has a bad agent.
I don't know, because it's not like he wants for money,
although in other interviews he's said that he basically,
Joel McHale is like this.
Sometimes no matter how much money you have, you might be driven by a work ethic.
Maybe Ice-T has this.
Maybe he's Irish, I don't know.
He wanted to get a book out so everybody would know that his voice should not just be on comedy bang bang.
Anyways, I tweeted about it and I was so taken with the idea of Ice-T.
Then a day, a Dutchess of the Dragons book on tape.
The next day I get an email inviting me to be one of the people.
On Ice-T's D&D thing?
Well, it's not, I will be a label mate with Ice-T, you would say.
What the fuck?
So they ask, will you come in and do this thing and I'm doing it tomorrow morning.
Here are my other label mates.
Here are the other people that are doing, that are reading the thing.
Michael Chickliss.
Nice.
Now I'm gonna breeze through some names that maybe you know.
Felicia Day.
Melissa Roche.
Roche.
Tom Felton.
Greg Grunberg.
Weird Al Jankovic.
Yeah.
It makes sense.
Wait, Ice-T.
Wait, wait, what's Al Jankovic?
Deposed Ukrainian.
Not that uptight cocksucker.
Alan.
Fuck him.
Uh, the Ice-T, Will Wheaton.
Yeah.
Here's where my kneecaps go all buttery.
David Duchovama fucking me.
What?
David Duchovny.
How many, if you've listened to all the 89 episodes of this podcast,
you know that instinctively when I talk about a sexy man,
I blurt out David Duchovny.
Wait, okay.
Okay, Dan, maybe I'm behind the ball here,
but like, there is a, he started doing this?
The Ice-T's project?
No, it's not Ice-T's project.
They got them to read the books.
They all write the books.
They brought him in and now they're bringing me in.
Who is this thing?
It's a kind of fellowship of, like, like, you know,
as Aaron said, I want to see this pilot
with these people being locked in a cabin.
Exactly.
I have one more name to tell you.
Okay.
Sean Astin.
And, oh, and Danny Pudi, they were, at the time of this email,
they were going to try to get Danny Pudi.
David Duchovny.
Is it a television project?
No, it's audio books.
It's reading a thing.
It's a book on tape.
You said pilot.
I didn't say pilot.
Oh, I heard pilot.
Sorry.
Ice-T came in, chapter one.
Gribknops had had it.
Did he write the book?
Down to three hit points.
Things were not looking good for Tordek the Dwarf.
A moderate heel-wounds spell took care of the last of the concerns.
So you'll...
However, business remained.
So he'll do that, and then I'm going to come in and be like,
meow, also, here's another thing.
That was a really good Dan Harmon.
All right, thank you.
Adam Goldberg, thanks for coming out there.
Adam, really?
Yeah.
I mean, boy, that couldn't have happened from the audience.
They call him the elucidator.
Dan, I wonder, first off, a couple things.
Full disclosure, I like your Ice-T impression quite a bit.
Thank you.
That's a very good Ice-T impression.
It's nothing personal, Jeff.
It's just business.
I would like to hear a brief conversation
between Ice-T and Vincent Price, though.
Just so I can hear the...
How many Gandalfs of distance are in between...
So you're saying Ice-T is coming over to Vincent Price's house.
He's been invited over for dinner?
Certainly, yeah.
Yeah, whatever you want.
And he doesn't know that for dinner sometimes means I'm going to eat you.
I would say that Elvis Mitchell is going to be doing an interview,
but this time it's at Vincent Price's house.
You've been asked over and you didn't realize...
Ice-T didn't realize that he was coming into Vincent Price's home.
Ding dong.
Damn.
Takes a long time for them to come to the door.
Hello.
The fuck?
I'm here to do the Elvis Mitchell documentary.
Yes.
I hope you'll enjoy doing...
I think you're trying to not be Ice-T.
I'm not saying you're identical.
I'm saying that their Olympic rings overlap a tiny bit.
Ice-T, I presume.
Please come into my house.
I'm Vincent Price.
All right, but it's nothing personal.
No, it's business.
I...
You know what we should do.
I think at some point Ice-T should start rapping
and Vincent Price could do one of his famous thriller-style breakdowns.
Yo, yo, yo.
Ice-T.
Ice-T gonna get with me.
I got the tippy to the two, got the four to the three.
Ice-T, you're gonna put sweetener in me.
Cop killer on the front to the four-three.
Aspect ratio, 16-9.
I got the high definition and it's gonna be mine.
I go down to Best Buy.
I go down every aisle.
I go look at VCRs by the mile saying,
Will this one have a tracking problem?
I don't know.
I got slob phlegm in my mouth when I get a cold.
I wanna go home and watch the old people roll past my porch.
Yo, there's Larry Storch.
He's an actor from Hawaii 5-0.
I don't need your husbands or wives to go to Google it
and verify my reference.
I just wanna rap and experience your deference
cause I'm OG to the OG-O.
That means original gangster got an old in the go.
I don't know what it spells all day,
but I'm Ice Mother fucking T and I'm not gay.
Got a cop killer bullet in my penis for a gun.
Gonna, gonna rub it till I start to cum
and when the sperm comes out,
gonna pierce the armor of a cop
and then you know I went farther than
I should have gone, should have left it back
when I rhymed a couple times.
Yo, yo, I'm Ice T rapping hard
and now it's time for me to do the Vincent Price bridge.
Spiders and skeletons
coming out of your closet
on a spooky hallows eve.
The mind reels with scariness.
Fogs and fogs of scary souls
blood in buckets of wolves howls.
On an howl's eve.
Cop killer.
Yo, yeah.
Yeah, that's all.
I couldn't tell the difference.
If Ice T didn't tell you Vincent Price was coming in,
that could have been a very confusing album.
There's a reason why, when Vincent Price got the Michael Jackson call
he's like, who wants me to do a bridge in their popular song?
Is it one of those people I sound like?
No, this is Michael Jackson.
Let me hear a recording of him.
All right, okay, I'll do it.
Ice T wants you to do it.
Let me hear.
Yo, Ice T, no, I won't do it.
Okay, that was a long walk for...
Sometimes I tell you a joke and then I explain it.
Larry Storch was on Hawaii 5-0?
I think so.
I'm going to go F-True.
He's on F-True.
I told you not to look it up.
Ice T told you.
I would love to find out that Larry Storch was also on Hawaii 5-0.
It's nothing personal.
It's just business.
The Harmontown documentary is going to be at South by Southwest.
I forgot to mention that last week.
Go see it.
We want to fill that theater.
Do we know what's going to happen with it?
Or are they waiting for the festival people to decide how that will be released,
distributed, shown?
Oh, no.
Yeah, the idea of these festivals is you show it and then,
I guess, probably Harvey Weinstein will come up afterwards and go,
I think America is ready to watch a movie about a fat alcoholic baby.
Do nothing.
Let's put this in 50,000 theaters.
Barring that happening, I think it'll be in the fans' hands.
I think it's a very interesting movie.
I'll say one thing.
It's a very fairer portrayal of me, which is a bummer for me.
But that was up to you, because this thing has gone through zillions of cuts,
but you kept going in there saying, no, let's not pull the punches on that.
Well, don't mischaracterize that.
A lot of people online are wondering about that,
and I think it'll be very clear, and it will be made very clear,
because my name's not an executive producer,
but I think it'll be very clear when you see it
that I couldn't possibly have had final cut.
The deal I made with Neil was for the feels and the wheel.
Do you dig?
The deal I made with Neil was it's my tour, it's his movie,
and I wanted to be able to try to help him,
and there were a couple moments where he's doing a bit.
He's saying, hey, look at that thing across the room,
and I'm able to say, you should cut to that thing here,
and it'll get a bigger laugh than what you're getting right now
if you change it by eight frames.
But I am not allowed, I wish I was allowed,
which is why I can't be allowed to say,
hey, you know that part where I'm really abusive to my girlfriend?
Let's lift that.
It would make a shittier movie,
and also, yeah, I would be doing it for the wrong reasons.
I think it's an interesting documentary.
I can't tell.
I'm required to hate myself,
required to be bored by myself.
I watch the movie, I go, I'm always kind of riveted.
I've talked to people who've seen it, they go,
I want to see the whole thing.
I saw it kind of with Kate, and I watched it,
and he's like, do you have any notes?
I'm like, no, I was in it.
My only note is I wish I could see the entire tour.
It made me feel nostalgic.
Which I think people will be able to.
I think there's like 700 hours of things,
including like 25 minutes of John Oliver.
That would be worth $5 right there.
There's whole, I mean, this guy shot a lot of shit.
They could show 17 hours of us singing Pringles Dick
and Chicken Noodle Dick.
Yeah, I think what emerges is a very, very, very
interesting portrait of a 41-year-old idiot
that doesn't know what he's doing at all.
Yeah, but I think it's interesting.
There's a depth to it, too, that it has to do with the fans.
That's my favorite part.
I don't think you can spoil that, but the best part about it,
there's interviews after lots of the shows
with a bunch of people that came to the shows,
and I've seen several different cuts and clips of that,
and it always really chokes me up.
It's really sweet and emotional.
Yeah, so if you're within the sound of my voice,
please come to that premiere.
Whatever theater we're in, I think we're in a huge theater,
and I want to fill that thing.
There's a podcast, then we're watching the movie,
and then we're all going to go out.
I think so, yeah.
Well, are we sure about that?
I don't know if we're sure about that yet.
No, I don't know.
I mean, because they were emailing me going,
like, oh, the venue might be changing and all this stuff.
Anyways, why don't we put the onus on the bonus
and bring out Mitch Hurwitz.
Oh!
Yo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah.
Mitch Hurwitz, Arrested Development.
Gonna fuck your mama, then give her a breath mint.
Gonna fuck your mama, gonna do a Netflix.
Oh, that's so nice.
Fuck your mama with a hundred of my squid dicks.
Oh, this is wonderful.
Arrested Development.
Fuck you for a season of paint and rent.
Rubber stream that shit.
Rub and Williams break down.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, no.
That's all I wanted.
Will you remember any of this tomorrow?
Will you, like, will you hear this podcast and say something?
It's a loaded question.
Will you hear the podcast and say,
I do not remember singing about VCR tracking.
Do you even remember now?
No, I'm sober as a...
No, it's not that.
It's just that it was such stream of consciousness.
That was so impressive.
That's why my rap...
Oh, my God.
Can you not freestyle, Mitch?
Have you ever tried?
No, I really haven't.
I think everybody's tried at one point.
I don't know that I want to start tonight.
Everybody's tried to handle it at a freestyle.
I was telling people today, like, Mike Schneider, a TV guide,
you know that fella?
I like Mike.
Yeah, he's right.
He has his moments.
I was explaining that you and I were now best friends.
I don't want to smother you.
Only on stage when we keep it that way.
Like, we just don't even...
We won't even look at each other.
Talking about the intimidating, like, nature of,
like, when you're...
Oh, this is ridiculous.
No, I'll put you on the spot.
You really, like, encapsulate wittiness.
It's really ridiculous.
Oh, God, no.
No.
You don't remind me...
No, I have nothing.
That's...
No, it occurred to me halfway through
that it's such a ridiculous thing to say
to somebody on stage.
Oh, this is pretty nice.
But I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I was just talking to your fiancée.
Fiancée.
Right, the two A's.
Who are you, Marrior?
No, well, listen.
I mean, I think if we're going there already.
But anyway, I was just making out with...
I was just talking to your...
And she said you were so articulate today.
Like, the soul of dropping here, yeah.
Yeah.
I feel more comfortable with 45-year-old people
with gray in their hair.
No kidding.
I was a little...
I wasn't thrilled backstage listening to kind of
sounded maybe like dissing, you know,
white people that have some money.
I felt like that was...
Maybe older people kind of felt like...
I think it's okay to pull it through.
That could hurt somebody's feelings.
It really hurts.
There's no danger there of anything happening, though.
If you're going to have a target.
Was Elvis Mitchell being very thoughtful with you?
What's he like in front of an audience?
He was deep.
Has he ever interviewed you?
No, but I listened to his interviews
and he'll be talking about the movie EZA.
How has he never interviewed you?
Yeah, fired up.
What?
You've never...
I'm surprised by that.
No.
Mitch, do you feel...
Well, why?
Because my name's Mitchell?
Is that why you just thought that would be like...
Yeah, because you created a list of topics.
We could do 10 minutes on the name.
You know, I don't...
No.
I haven't done it.
I talked to Terry Gross once.
What?
Yeah.
Fuck you.
Did you talk to Terry Gross?
No.
And right in the middle of it, she said,
this is fresh air.
And it really was like...
You know, it was like Hendricks playing the
National Anthem or something.
It was like...
There it is!
No.
That's the answer.
The reason why Elvis Mitchell's never sat down with you is
because he's local.
You're big league.
And he's black, right?
Is he black?
I didn't notice.
I don't see that kind of thing.
I guess come to think of it, I suppose, yeah.
Well, I have a problem.
You know, I have that problem with black.
Right.
No.
So I'm not gonna be part of it.
Elvis Mitchell's black?
Yes.
I think he is.
But Dan would know.
Oh, you really should know.
Now that you mention it, yes, he was.
I admire your restraint in not bringing that up earlier.
That's the first sentence.
The first time you've ever had an encounter with a black person
you didn't say the word black in the first sentence.
I mean, I don't think we can forget, you know, the impression
of iced tea.
I don't think we should go.
You know what I mean?
I don't think we should just let that go completely.
That is an accurate impression of iced tea.
Very accurate.
And any stereotypical landmines that I'm stepping on are attached to his feet.
Absolutely.
He sounds like that.
You're channeling something.
It's not personal.
It's just business.
I love how it ends with iced tea.
Telling me this lady was raped, then murdered.
It's SVU.
It's him on the crime scene.
It's a nasty city.
What's you've been up to, Mitch?
Him and his stand-up comic friend, Richard Belzer.
What have I been up to?
God, I'm being held accountable for so many things.
I'll tell you what, I watched House of Cards.
That really, that was fun.
Are you, well, okay, let's talk about that.
Well, I don't know.
I can't say anything about it.
I watched last season.
Last season ended with him going jogging and turning off his Walkman or something.
You know, I had no recollection of what happened in the last season.
It was just sort of fun.
It was fun.
It was really, it was fun.
And it helps, you know, it just helps you plan.
It's going to sound awful.
But anyway, it helps you plan your own murders.
Because you see how he plans it.
In case you haven't seen it, he kills a couple of people.
No, here's what I didn't get.
Actually, one of the things I didn't get about it, but I just don't get in life.
And you kind of alluded to this earlier.
Like, how much is too much?
There's one scene.
Have you seen it?
The first season.
Yeah, right.
There's one scene where Gerald McRaney is talking, you know, they're threatening Gerald McRaney.
They say, we're going to shut down your power plants for two weeks.
That's going to be a lot of income.
And I'm just always amazed by that.
I used to talk to Ron Howard about that when we did a rest of the first time.
And I said, you know, if I had directed Cocoon, that would have been it.
I would have been like, you know, walking into restaurants and saying,
Mitchell Hurwoods, director of Cocoon.
I certainly wouldn't be just out there doing another one every year.
What do you say?
I'm not sure.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Well, I'm just saying that that ruthless ambition.
I don't know.
In all of us, these powerful men continue to play power games.
Yeah.
That always confuses the hell out of me.
Why is Rupert Murdoch continue to care?
Why?
What?
Because they're competitive people and it's all about winning.
They're not used to being second to anything like Carnegie and Rockefeller and those guys.
They resent that someone has more money than them.
And they're not measuring things in terms of like a quarter is not a quarter of a dollar.
It doesn't exist to them.
I would say it certainly does.
I think they know exactly what a quarter is.
No, but I mean, it doesn't represent a fourth of a load of laundry.
It doesn't translate into goods and services.
It's a measure of a video game.
But it represents that bit of mortar in the brick in the house that I built with my own two hands.
No, I don't think it's just a collection.
I think it's just like collectors.
And these guys aren't boot strappers.
I mean, I don't care how many millions they were born with.
They were not born poor.
Some of the rubber bears, I think, were working class.
Well, maybe back before money was just being invented.
Maybe a couple of them by Chirico Incidents didn't have enough because money hadn't been invented yet.
But money was pretty nice.
I don't want to name names, but to today's tycoons, I guarantee you there's none of them that were born broke.
Or we'd know their name.
We'd go like, that's the guy that was born broke and is now a tycoon.
Some of them are very proud of the fact that they were only given 50 million to start their Whatchamacallit...
Oh, absolutely. That's Trump's story.
He took 50 million and turned it into a billion.
First of all, you got to put it somewhere.
You could put that in a money market account. The same thing happens.
And then you have a problem because you have more money and you got to put that somewhere.
That's why I say I don't like it when we take on people that are white and make money.
It's challenging.
That's it.
Thank you. Oh, nice.
Like there's someone wealthy.
Have you guys ever...
Have Mitch, Dan, have the two of you ever hung out one-on-one?
Ever gone out and had a lunch or a thing?
How dare you?
Yeah.
Are you asking about three ways?
I'm just saying.
Tell them where we hung out, Mitch.
I forget the name of the bar, but it was a bar.
Spearmint Rhino?
We went to the dry bar together.
Goddamnit.
You guys have never been to the dry bar.
You guys have never hung out together.
I hung out at the dry bar with Mitch Hurwitz.
We just colluded together to come up with a story.
He forgot the name of the place.
Because he's never been there.
He's been in there. We had a wonderful conversation.
He and I are best friends.
Jeff has some jealousy issues.
He probably doesn't even know that I was the cop troller.
When you were gone, he copped trouble.
I listened to it and you were wonderful.
Thank you so much.
That is so big of me to say.
Don't let him hide with you.
Thank you.
And I think you're great.
Well, thank you.
You've never listened to Mitch.
Yeah, it doesn't matter who did better.
No, no, this is not a jealousy thing.
You said earlier, Dan, that I said,
did you make any friends at the Elvis Mitchell thing?
You're like, that's a friend.
Yeah, I know.
How do you make a friend?
But I was like, are you a friend maker, Mitch?
Are you a gregarious search?
No, I'm not, actually.
I mean, every time you talk about me as being kind of like,
you'll say things like, boy, he's kind of, you know,
he doesn't look neurotic, or I don't know, whatever you say.
And it's like, no, I'm so neurotic.
And so, you know, if I'm out with people, I embrace that.
I'm always happy about it, but it takes a lot to get me out.
Even when you talk about going to San Francisco
and doing this tour and everything.
Do you want to come to my wedding?
I'd love to officiate.
Are you, do you need someone?
That gives me enough time.
That'd be great.
I would.
I will, you're on the short list now, for sure.
I'll be great.
Are you already ordained?
No, but I have time now, and I won't make it all about me.
I mean, you know, that'll be, some of it, obviously,
I have to have an act, but,
could you, I mean, there has to be a little
Robin Williams moments in the officiating.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I have a lot of props around.
Okay.
And I'll take a plunger and I'll be, you know, like,
oh, I'm a unicorn.
If I can't, that wasn't Robin Williams.
So, my favorite Robin Williams thing, though,
is the, is the impression of the thing
that doesn't exist anymore, which is the preacher.
Yeah, you know, like, the preacher's still making fun
of the preacher.
Like, yeah, we're with you, we get it, we,
he's an asshole, he doesn't, what a hypocrite.
The, could you?
No, but I could marry the hell out of you.
I know now, because I've been, I've been married.
All right, short list, it's like,
there's three people on the list,
and then it's all controversy.
I couldn't stop sweating when I got married.
It was awful.
I was nervous beforehand, and I was in New York,
and I thought, well, let me just go for a run,
and that'll calm me down.
And I went for a run, and, really,
I went out into Central Park,
and I ran around the whole rest of the park.
You see your tuxedo running?
In the tux?
Yeah, of course, because you wanted to fit and move with you.
No, no, no, no.
No, I just, just a full spandex bodysuit,
and I just went out running.
Right.
Just for speed, you know.
This is back when you were a known strangler.
Yeah.
That's right.
Well, I knew a lot of stranglers.
I know what you're thinking of.
Never convicted, but you were certainly
under investigation for many years.
I remember I was jogging past those kids wilding.
I was like, ah, kids.
I just felt like part of the scene.
Anyway, I came back, and I looked at the clock,
and it was, I had like a half hour, and so I,
and I panicked.
You know, I hadn't even tried on my tux,
and I jumped in the shower, and I came out,
and I'm still sweating.
And then I put on the tux, and I had to walk like six blocks,
and then get up on a hoopa, because at that point,
I think I'd still believed in God,
and we had this Jewish thing.
Hoopa's the thing.
I'm gonna be honest about my-
But you know you're not supposed to get
on top of the hoopa.
That's like, you're not Gidget.
Wait, you-
What?
You don't get on top of the hoopa?
That's why they were laughing.
But why it looked so triumphant.
No, did I say on top of it?
No, I was right, but I had to get under,
I had to get on top of a stage under a hoopa,
and then there was a light right here,
and the whole time I was just like trying
to casually wipe away.
It was like Albert Brooks, and you know,
just look, and nothing says confidence
about getting married, like just a total flop sweat.
Nothing says confidence about wanting to get married,
like I should go take a run.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Literally my last run, I mean I just got-
Literally running away from the scene.
Yeah.
Do you get in fights with your wife?
Yeah, kind of, I mean I've learned,
I've learned a lot about,
this is what you do when, here's the move.
Me!
Put on some spandex to make your errands, not back there.
Just run.
So nobody ever wants to apologize first when you have a fight.
Not when your heart is pounding
and your arteries are done.
Go for it.
You go for it, you go for it.
You don't have to mean it,
and it makes them feel so much worse than any insult,
any insult, you know, how could you say that?
How could you say that?
There's a lot of that, by the way,
but we have a lot of complete,
I just feel like every time, I feel like every time I,
but if you dive in with like,
look, I love you, I don't want you to be unhappy,
so I'll take the blame.
No, I'll take the blame.
Okay.
You know, they can't, many women can't apologize first,
but they can't resist.
I feel like I was always so good at what you're describing,
and I feel like,
I don't know if this is justification, rationalization,
but I can't get out of that pit with Erin,
and I have to assume it's because she intimidates me
more than anyone I've been with.
I find, like, I can't, I always know that.
I've always been able to do that.
Always been able to, like, find the high road immediately,
and I can never do it.
I get so, I'm so, like, mad.
Actions, only half-joking.
I mean, I will say that one of the keys to, like,
my relationship being successful, I think,
and by successful, I mean,
she lets me sleep with other women.
Safe crack.
Yeah, I mean, that's a, that's a big success.
That's, once you overcome that hurdle,
matrimony becomes gravy.
Yeah.
No, that's not true.
But it really is kind of,
it is doing what I just made a joke out of.
It's really trying to see that other person,
because that's really what anybody wants, right,
is to be seen, is to be acknowledged,
and everything you're doing in a fight
is sort of not seeing them,
and I'm claiming you don't see me.
So when I, if I can remind myself of that,
I actually can sort of think, like,
I mean, look at your fiance.
I refuse to.
I know, that's a problem.
And you just go, oh, I love her.
I love her even though she's-
Yeah, she doesn't understand.
Also, it's like, it's like,
I don't know anything about Pokemon,
but I know what it has something to do with weapons
or something or choices of attacks.
I'm doing a, I'm doing a whole audiobook on Pokemon.
Next week.
With the Harlem Glow Trotters.
Quinch that knew his tornado attack
would reduce his enemy to a confused state.
Doing it.
I'm doing it with three cards left.
Layla Ali and I, that's Muhammad's daughter,
are doing, yeah, she's, for whatever reason,
they put us together.
Yeah.
I've done a show with Layla.
Yeah, not really.
I swear to God.
But on Whose Lines Anyway,
they brought her out as a guest.
Oh my God.
So Wayne Brady and I had to sing a song to Layla Ali
and she was awesome.
She was great.
Oh, that's amazing.
Also, she, you know,
talk about being intimidating.
Like, she's, she's a,
she's never lost a fight.
I've never lost a fight.
Yeah.
Have you ever fought Layla Ali?
I've never fought anyone.
But I've-
Have you ever thrown a punch in anger at somebody?
Have you ever actually like,
like vexed her on a duke at someone?
I can't, I don't think I can tell some of these stories.
With your wife?
Yes.
It was your wife.
But.
Oh my God.
In my defense, you know,
they were children.
No.
And they were welding.
I've come, more recently,
I've come close, you know,
like I do lose some sanity in those moments.
I just feel like I don't care.
I just remembered,
and now let's bring Erin out.
I punched her in the jaw in my sleep.
All right, Erin, come out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank God for saying in your sleep at the end of that.
Yeah.
I thought you were gonna say,
I punched her in the jaw last Tuesday.
You know, I physically assaulted Erin in bed.
Yeah.
I was having, we just watched Demolition Man.
And I fell asleep and in my dream,
I was fighting Sylvester Stallone in a ring.
Like I was boxing him and he kept punching me.
And I got, I was getting so frustrated.
Because your arms aren't moving.
Right, you know, and then I finally like,
and I woke up and something was weird in the bed.
Like I had moved and my fiance is in bed next to me going,
ow, a massaging her jaw.
And I'm going, I slowly, I punched, I've done it.
I mean, I have, and my excuse really was it's a lame,
but I, you know, my wife said you punched her.
Well, next one, you and I were together a year ago.
No, no, he almost never punches, no, but I, she, I said,
she said, what's the matter with you?
You just punched me and woke me up.
I said, well, I was defending you.
Which I really thought at the time,
because that was what was happening in the dream, but.
Yeah.
So I mean, Dan, we've talked about this on the show before.
Dan really is very, he's so verbose in his sleep
in a weird way.
And I like a haunting way because it's not.
It's riveting.
I imagine most people when they speak in their sleep
sound kind of drunk or disoriented,
but Dan speaks very clearly and very like frightening,
weird, non-secular, non-sequiturs.
Also, non-secular though.
Non-secular.
I get down to mythological.
There is no God.
God, walk down from, yeah.
I actually think it's the best part of the documentary
I saw in early cut.
So the, and that stuff of you asleep,
What if you spoke in your sleep, but I was all a gospel.
Yeah, Dan speaks in his sleep a lot.
And we actually, the other night when I was watching
when Dan falls asleep, I'll watch a shitty movie
for a comfort.
And Dan, well, we've talked about this before.
This is after you've watched Demolition Man.
Then you'll watch it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then I'll go lowbrow.
Got it.
Yeah, yeah.
There's Dan's version of a shitty movie.
And there's my version of a comforting movie
that I've never seen before.
There's my version of a comforting movie,
like my best friend's wedding or et cetera, et cetera.
And Dan will wake up in the middle of his sleep
and say, well, I mean, if you're not in love,
I mean, why don't you just fuck everybody at the wet
and just fall back asleep?
And I feel all the shame because it doesn't feel like
it's talking in its sleep.
She actually, you, like this is not a real,
like you a couple of nights ago.
It's a one sided thing because you don't remember any of it.
You got up and left the bedroom
because I was about to fall asleep and you,
this is a milestone in our relationship.
You left the bedroom to go finish watching
a romantic comedy in a different room
because you knew, air quotes, knew
that if you continued watching it in bed,
I would have notes in my sleep.
Yeah.
And I wasn't mad.
I kissed you and patted your bottom
and I walked into the other room and...
You powdered his bottom?
I patted his bottom.
That's how he likes to be greeted.
You know that.
My bottom self powders.
Gross.
No, that's beautiful.
Gross, gross.
I think that's beautiful.
Thank you.
I got up, he woke up in his sleep again
and had a criticism for the very shitty movie
I was watching, which is like telling somebody
that Cheetos are bad for you.
Yes, I know.
I know.
But I'm sleeping.
Yeah.
What?
I'm sleeping.
But then you wake up,
but this is why we've evolved as a couple
because you woke up and you,
I was, I hate to tell you guys what I was watching.
I was watching how to lose a guy in 10 days.
Oh.
How to lose an audience in eight seconds.
Dan, wake up, Dan, wake up.
You just did it again, Dan.
Fuck that movie.
Which is a terrible movie.
And it's like watching it as a woman,
like it's really like sexist and crazy.
But like, just the way,
the truth is that I like,
I like Matthew McConaughey's voice is like a song.
Then watch True Detective.
Woo!
I knew!
Wow.
It's so interesting.
Ha ha ha.
Woo!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, True Detective, yeah, yeah.
True Detective on HBO.
It's a, it's an early show, you got, take off.
It's a serialized miniseries,
so it's uneligible for a different award category.
The truth is like, I'm so into True Detective,
I wanted more McConaughey, and I was watching it.
Then watch Dallas Buyer's club.
Dan!
Here it comes, here it comes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you're a redneck with AIDS,
what, what you gonna do when your society's made?
Your bakery of your, and your health care.
We are gonna go ring the bear.
New, new vitamins from Mexico.
Well thanks Dan, I haven't seen that yet.
I, I watched it because like, I have, I, I watched,
I thought that'd be great if that was the musical event
at the Oscars, by the way.
It's like, you know, like they just didn't get,
like at the last minute, like Dan,
we heard you do an amazing tribute.
We haven't seen your Filomena, I'm sure it's amazing.
I know I'm not alone, and like the, the amazing discovery
that Matthew McConaughey is a, is a great actor.
So it's funny watching him in these really shitty movies.
So anyway, so, so you will see-
Then watch Surf's Up, bro.
Wait, what's it come?
Surfer, surfer.
Anyway, Dan woke up out of his sleep
and criticized the movie, and I was like, you know what?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to the other room
because I know this is wrong.
It's like I was doing crack and bedding.
I was like, don't do a crack and bed, yes I know, yes.
I'll do it in the other room.
So I kissed him, goodbye.
That movie's a piece of shit.
I fell asleep at the point where that movie
spent 10 minutes depicting, in real time,
Kate Hudson learning to play a card game.
Yeah, she spends 10, 10 minutes of that movie.
What game?
It's called Bullshit.
It's really charming.
It's kind of like in Goodwill Hunting when they just
take eight minutes to just tell you a street joke.
It's just a story point.
It's not a good movie.
Oh, mini driver, tell us a joke.
Okay, I'm gonna tell you this joke.
All right, once upon a time.
And there's no, this is a medium that invented the montage.
Fucking move past it.
Show a calendar page going like this.
Come back and say, oh, mini driver, what a great joke.
The Lumiere Brothers knew to do that.
You fucking forgot it now?
Now?
My life is trickling away.
So does two pair, does that beat a full house?
She's just us.
Go back to the start.
Wow, the game of bullshit.
You gotta call bullshit when you call bullshit.
No, okay, bullshit.
You're supposed to be so delighted by the whole thing.
And I just want to.
It must have been notes.
Matt's mom has a voice, it's like a heart.
Oh no, his voice is like a guy who's trying not to project.
He's just doing that.
He's just doing that movie.
No, that voice reaches me.
He's trying to be, he's trying to be.
All right, all right, all right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you don't exhale as you talk,
anybody can sound like Matthew McConaughey.
It's just, it's nothing, it's nothing.
His voice is like always covered in icing.
It's like a Christian Slater started his career
trying to sound like Nicholson, which is true by the way.
Which is true because my friend Jimmy knows his mother.
Or a night Christian Slater.
Yeah, exactly.
You named my other voice crush, pump up the volume,
like Christian Slater.
Yeah, yeah, but also.
You know, there's just copies of other guys
because Matthew McConaughey is doing Paul Newman.
Sure, well, I don't know, really?
Yeah, oh, definitely.
But still that doesn't, I mean,
I still appreciate Christian Slater's voice.
I think Paul Newman's a million times cooler
and sexier than Christian Slater.
I mean, not now, but yeah, right.
I like when Kurt Russell and Big Trouble
and Little China is doing John Wayne,
and that's great because he's just really,
he just picks one movie to be John Wayne
and then that's hilarious.
Also that movie, that holds up.
Yeah, it does hold up.
Big Trouble, Little China.
May I make a little announcement really quick?
Uh-oh.
Pricker.
Impossible.
Congratulations, Anatoly.
You did it.
He was pointing out to me that I was a little hard
on you last week.
I'm sorry, I adore you.
And you look great.
Look, a Wes Anderson in the front row.
Quick announcements.
Your voice is like an open.
Well, he's, I mean, I think,
Anatoly, come on up here.
Woo!
Look at this, Anatoly,
every guy I did in college.
we would listen to Belle and Sebastian.
Look at, Anatoly,
he would tell me he was sensitive.
then he was afraid of love.
That was your announcement?
No.
The announcement is,
everybody here,
Dan and I are going through our house
and purging a bunch of things.
And...
Oh, are you gonna try to sell those
fucking picture frames again?
This is crazy.
He makes so much money.
Five for $10.
We have a bunch of stuff,
as does, I'm sure, Jeff and,
I haven't talked to you about this yet.
I have no stuff.
I know.
I live like a Quaker.
I have one chair and no one's allowed to sit.
Dan and I have a lot of furniture.
There's a lot of old community stuff
and there's a lot of like extra promotional things.
And I'm somebody who loves garage sales.
I'm also someone who loves A26LA.
Are you guys familiar with A26LA,
which supports kids learning how to write?
So we're having a Harmontown garage sale
which will basically be Dan and I
taking all of our things and putting them in this room.
All the proceeds going to A26LA.
It's gonna happen on March 23rd from 11 to 6 p.m.
I'm gonna be making a bunch of cakes.
We'll have a lot of dirty underwear lined up.
Not literally dirty underwear,
but a lot of clothes and things.
And just a ton of stuff.
And if you love Dan or love Harmontown
or just love things, come on out.
March 23rd in support of charity.
Everything will be garage sale priced.
That's it.
End of an output.
Very nice.
Mitch is going to be donating a lot of his new,
he's writing a new script and he's gonna put it on a thing.
Yeah, all of his ideas, his whiteboards.
All my stuff is brand new.
Cause I just throw away anything that,
I sort of live this,
I mean, I don't know if it's environmentally sound.
We think it is, it's recyclable.
Everything is constantly new in our house.
I mean, I like this jacket.
It's in the trash tomorrow.
You were feeling sexy when you got dressed tonight, right?
You were feeling very sexy when you got dressed tonight.
You clearly,
That really?
Yeah, I did.
Does it seem that way?
Knock it off!
Sorry.
Dan, wake up, wake up, Dan.
Wake up.
That's nice of you to say.
Hi, he looks.
I'd like to pay myself a compliment,
but when I woke up from the love of my life
punching me in the mouth,
I was like, we'll talk about it in the morning
and just put a pillow between us.
I went back to sleep.
You are the second woman in 41 years
that I have physically assaulted in my sleep.
Aw.
That was a third time,
That was a third time I've been assaulted by that dance.
My girlfriend, Alison,
in my 20s,
we went to visit my parents in Florida.
Wait, Alison with the flat nose?
Alison with that bro.
Yeah.
She dated, she dated Elvis Gustav.
She's sleeping in our parents' guest room
and I,
at the time I was reading a lot of alien abduction books
because I was writing a script
that was going to be an alien abduction comedy
that I hoped that perhaps Mr. Sandler might read.
Who knows?
Can I James as lead alien?
But I was,
and I was half asleep and you're in that weird fugue state
where you think you're awake,
but you're asleep or whatever.
I rolled over and like,
I realized that I was in bed with a gray.
There was an alien face.
Yeah.
Like Whitley Stryber alien face staring at me
on the pillow next to me and I went,
Ah!
And I flailed physically.
I was like, get this alien away from me.
The way you would with an alien.
There's an alien laying in bed.
You know who else has had that experience?
Everyone who's ever thought they saw an alien.
By the way.
And you know what I mean?
But anyway, quite.
And it flailed and in flailing,
my knuckles like hit,
I mean, I hit my lover and the face getting
this alien away from me and then came to
and my poor girlfriend is going,
you, excuse me, that's not part of the story.
I've never seen anyone sneeze on stage.
It's actually impossible.
I'm that comfortable.
I didn't know if it was possible to sneeze on stage.
I don't think, I never thought it was.
It was weird, isn't it?
I must be allergic to entertainment.
I've had that theory a long time,
but now it's finally proven.
But you know, what was your name?
Alisa?
Allison.
She had a tattoo of a son in the middle of her back
and a half made mermaid tattoo in the inside of her thigh.
No, you're merging, you're merging two women.
Allison had a sudden, sudden tattoo on her back.
You're thinking of a different person
with the mermaid tattoo.
Great.
Who was that person?
Now I know there's another person.
I thought it was the same person.
I assume that son tattoo would also have mermaid thigh tattoo.
That's what you don't understand about women.
No woman would have both of those things.
Son tattoo on the back girl has Japanese congee
that says strength on her ankle.
I think we've all known that.
It was a different time.
And it was her own fault for probing you, right?
I mean, that might have been part of it.
Maybe she wasn't alien.
I don't know, maybe it's our true form.
But I, and then, and then, and so there's,
that's the second time that I've actually
hurt someone that I was in bed with.
So you woke up and your fists made contact.
Right.
Thank you.
Matthew McConaughey reference.
He was in the movie Contact.
But I've told the story before.
Show's over.
Everybody out.
I had a dream once where Bruce Willis was taunting me
and I was fighting Bruce Willis.
And I was thankfully, thank God, I was alone at the time,
sleeping in a single mattress in my two bedroom apartment.
And in my dream, Bruce Willis was taunting me.
And I, again, with the thing where you're like,
I can't move my arms.
And then you just go, I don't fuck you, Bruce Willis.
If it was witty taunting, that's how you can tell.
He was just smirking.
He was smirking.
Yeah, no.
Like Capri or Seagram's golden wine coolers smirk.
And I just lunged at him and woke up
as my fist collided with the plaster wall next to my bed.
Oh, no.
Like really hard.
And the thing that always blows me away about that
is the idea that some way of looking at the universe
are unconscious dream characters.
They have a life of their own.
They exist because we make them exist.
And they're accountable to our wakefulness or sleepfulness.
They resent us for being gods that they can't control.
They know that they're going to all die no matter what
as soon as we wake up, which Bruce does not.
And one guy in the figment of my unconscious mind,
one hero, this Bruce Willis guy, in one dream,
knowing that he was going to die along with the rest
of Dreamworld, like he accomplished this Promethean task.
Like he bruised my knuckles.
Like he reached out across the threshold
between sleep and awake and fucked with me.
And won a fight with you.
Like there would be a statue of him built outside of Dream City
if those fucking assholes could live past it today.
Yeah, right.
He hurt someone.
He hurt one of the real people.
He'd be the president of Dreams.
Well, fuck Dream City because in Dream City,
they administered that fucking I can't run or walk
and the gun doesn't shoot.
Nothing fucking works drug on you.
And so they always win this fucking Dream City motherfucker.
Fuck those girls.
Is this a real thing or is this a movie?
Sweetie.
Did I tell you about the dream when I was JJ from Good Times
and I was fucking Thelma the whole time?
You get that in every show.
Unbelievable.
Never.
It's like it's an unmistakable agenda.
OK, so amazing.
Bruce Willis, not the sharpest dude apparently.
Did you read Kevin Smith's book?
No.
Oh, it's amazing.
Kevin Smith talks shit about him?
Oh, my god, yeah.
And every other sentence keeps saying like,
I mean, he's a hero of mine.
And what a fucking asshole.
And I actually was at a party with him once.
And I had like this.
You were at a party with Bruce Willis?
Yeah, I was.
My friend Kevin Rooney knows all these guys
because he was a comic, you know?
Bruce Willis.
Willis, yeah.
So that whole class of comics knows him.
And he walked up and my friend Kevin was holding a.
That whole class of comics.
It sure is like one year, you know?
There's also a jazz musician somewhere saying like, well,
you know, Bruce was a jazz musician.
Well, that's his real gift.
But he walked up to my friend who was holding a cookie
and he wanted to make a joke.
And the joke he came up with is, what do you got there?
A donut?
And then he fired like this.
He smirked away, wonderful.
The little donut has a hole in the middle.
And this is a, isn't that a crazy story?
I saw Bruce Willis at a bar one time.
Like when I was like 24 and I was dating
a girl who looked enough like Demi Moore to you can say,
Bruce Willis might have a Demi Moore type of type.
She had like the kind of like just above the shoulder
black bobbed hair like a similar size didn't look facially like her but I was
in a bar and in Hollywood and there was like it was like some sort of party for
something I don't know what it was and I was going to the men's room and I was
standing next to it to my date and he saw her from across the room and did like
it was like a Cirque du Soleil act watching him get across the room there's
people in the way and there's couches and he was doing front like like like
tumbles and back hand springs and he was like he grabbed like a vine that we
didn't know existed in the ceiling and swooped across and he went through an
air vent he had to light it with his zip-o. So a German guy with blonde hair
shot the glass and he had his shoes were off and he still made it and then the
only the final obstacle and I kind of see this Tasmanian devil of energy
coming navigating any slight breach in the wall of humanity and furniture that
was there the only thing that was finally in his way was the guy standing
right next to her and he linebackered me out of the way no like just like he's
got to lay that donut line on her probably well she was wearing a skirt
he couldn't wait to ask are those pants what are those pants what are you wearing
is that a pantser I was at a I was at a Hollywood party once wait what's the end
of this the end of the story is me getting up and everything is he didn't
see me he hadn't made eye contact with me and said I must destroy this guy
I was just simply a chess piece that was on an adjacent square that needed to be
like like knocked away so he could occupy that square and he just came up to her
and just was laying this really like heavy not charming just like like like
spreckensie put them like look at this memory on this whole face like I got like
you and me like I'm Bruce welles and she was like she kind of gave him the flick
of the shoulder like go away and he would like shrink shrink down and just
be crazed off and kind of unfazed it like I was off to his next weird non-conquest
but I wanted to go like hey I'm fucking fuck you fucking California try to eat
a tree stump once you tried to eat a tree stump timing was better earlier
I've never interacted with Bruce Willis I just thought like maybe the dumbest thing
well we have a surprise for you tonight thank you you must be really open mind
yeah who are you wrapping with who is that character you know you brings you
bring some people out and they help you out sometimes thank you thank you Cindy
and you're welcome I'll be in the back trying to eat all the paper I never
realized I didn't have an ending to that Bruce Willis story I always thought it
was enough to say Bruce Willis tried to knock me over and actually kind of half
did I was like halfway to the ground before I recovered but a thing is that
you know it's really good you know what a good ending to that story and then he
went on to make like eight horrible movies that would be seven seven seven
Woody Harrelson gave me a black eye Woody Harrelson gave me a black eye we're
talking about was the black guy this is 1853 when you were allowed to give
someone a black guy little bow wow just what precipitated him giving you a
black eye through a series of unimportant events I ended up at a an
impromptu basketball game following the premiere of semi-pro and there were 10
people that were really famous and I was the only unfamous person at the UCB
theater and they were playing a pickup game of basketball on the stage of the
UCB theater which was really small and I was the only girl and Woody was like
hey darling come on I was like yeah and I walked down I didn't do that I was I
literally cute I was a little thinner and I walked down on the stage and played
basketball and Woody Harrelson I was on the other team and he elbowed me in the
eye like there everyone saw him like he didn't do it on purpose but he we don't
know that I mean I think listen when you're playing a basketball game on the
UCB theater it's serious I mean you do what you have to do to make the shot I
guess mistakes are high when you're in the show yeah right the famous people
that I made it was just it was a bunch of comics but everyone was really like oh
my god Woody Harrelson's here Woody Harrelson's here so everyone saw him
like elbow me in the eye and I went to the ground and I but I would try to pull
it together but then because it was Woody Harrelson everyone's like you're
fine Aaron right because they're worried that the game was gonna end because he
was like hey darling did I hate you and I was like no but it like oh he really I
had a black eye for a week because of a person or maybe the only woman on stage
but that celebrity might might fly the coop well I mean I didn't I didn't want
to be wounded but I did for the rest of night everyone saw my face just get
bigger and bigger and everyone's pretending that it wasn't happening cuz you
don't want him to say something like hey man if everyone's gonna complain about
me busting their eyes I'll just go
this seems like coming down here playing basketball
too high maintenance yeah yeah yeah what do you know what do you know I'm
chewing my cut yeah yeah what do you know yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah when you
rap like what are you always stop you always stop you always you give me a
look like you're done and then I don't give you I don't give you a look like
nothing all right I give you a look like like I'm on fire so I got to look like
get me out of here no I don't know about that okay now I can now again I'm not
saying that your iced tea and your vision prices totally you know what it
sound like if Woody Harrelson and Sammy Davis Junior wrap together at least at
least let them introduce themselves yeah yeah yeah yeah you know I don't know
which way you're doing it yeah yeah okay they're different sides of his mouth
look closely you know yeah that's Sammy that was Woody that was Woody no no that's
Woody my name is Woody Harrelson I'm here to say I'm from somewhere in the
Midwest today I gotta when I rap I like to chew my mouth look like I'm chewing
from the south gotta kind of slur my lips around
wrap it on the ground say Woody Harrelson hey babe spiders crawling out of
this closet where was he spooky icky yes this was creepy crawlies babe you know
yeah yeah you wanted it you got it no tonight has been just a field of dreams
for me and believe me the last thing I would ever want to do is stop a beat
what before you were dead wrapping there was a very subtle thing going on
there because you know Sammy didn't write the songs he sang so he was doing a
song that clearly Vincent Price wrote that was a very subtle piece it's true
most people who have who end up doing bridges there was a guy who wrote
bridges to pop songs and he was a very horror oriented guy yeah so when you
come in you have to talk about spiders and car always the best bridge man
get me hey kid it's a great song I love the hook the verses are great but you
bridge he writes a spooky bridge he's been Vincent Price this guy for 20
years but sir this is a love song we're making a lot of it's about it's about a
woman that I saw couldn't that be a coffin or a ghoul kids love a spooky
bridge kids what they want they want the monsters to mash and they want the
gully they want a celebrity to do it Vincent Price he owned the spooky bridge
yeah he did it wasn't because he was Mr. Spooky is because McClintock's words
didn't need that you know the piano doesn't write the concerto cock sucker
it's the fucking you want to work in this town you want to sell records you
put a spooky ookie in there it's my first attempt at a Woody Harrelson but
the jaw thing is interesting wait so now you gotta move your mouth around you
almost went jody fostered that I don't know if you start to put your tongue in
your cheek a little bit of shale shale Woody Harrelson shale Woody Harrelson
you do a spot on Matthew McConaughey right I can we see these two guys at a
drive-thru movie I'd rather I'd rather try to in this is I've gone right at it
but I'd rather show you my share because that's what you were doing what if
share came to a drive-thru and Woody Harrelson was was was working the
drive-thru I'll be Woody Harrelson yeah let's try it let's do it well welcome to
the burger restaurant ma'am can I help you oh well I'm share as you know and I
hate those tree people because it killed my husband
well I'm awful no it's over not giving you the look it ended that was it no this
was not over this one is not over share we will be here till we'll serve
fucking breakfast dreams just like this you telling me that and I always punch
my wife is so close to share your kind of what was your character a little bit
little it's been a while as I started that it was probably what you felt which
is like wait who's share it's been a while I'm a joke again you tip-toed
into Jody Foster and you're oh yeah oh dr. Lecter I'm sorry Woody Harrelson I
don't understand what you're saying well goddamn young lady I'm Woody Harrelson
well I'm Jody Foster oh you know what I haven't heard you doing a long time I
love your Matt Damon you do a good Matt what's a job so you want to use Matt
Damon and remember no no no well Warburg I mean I mean Warburg Warburg Mark
Warburg no that's that's sure oh fuck god damn it that's a goodie we should get
him out here I mean I was my first Woody Harrelson I'm what I am as an artist
I'm an outsider artist I'm not an impressionist yeah that was the first
time I've ever attempted and nailed a Woody Harrelson if we heard Woody
Harrelson we could do it though he's got it he's gonna move your mouth
around a little bit sling blade I want some french fry for entertainers you
look like a Woody Harrelson in the last ten minutes of the people versus Larry
Flynn or if you had Bell's palsy or just Larry Flynn do you know that do you
think there's any chance that Liam Neeson my rap ever I mean cuz I don't
know I don't know Liam I'm a big fan of his but I don't know if he's a rapper it
doesn't matter if you know Liam Neeson he's going to rap
Liam Neeson yo yo yo I'm Liam Neeson yo yo yo it doesn't matter if you're
right or wrong it doesn't matter if you rap or sing a song I'm Liam Neeson I'm
from the streets I'm going to tell you something you need to hear it pay
attention or you'll regret it I'm Liam Neeson I don't sweat it four o'clock in
the morning got a beeper on my cell phone going out for dinner
gonna get sling some rock doesn't matter if it's down the block I got ice to
sling doesn't matter if I sing I'm a fucking crack dealer I deal crack deal
with it
Neeson style doesn't matter what it costs it's just crack five dollars
Sean Connery Spooky Bridge Spooky Bridge by Sean Connery coffins with
spiders inside coming out your mouth opens wide spooky skeletons and ghosts
all kinds of S sounds doesn't matter don't listen to him listen to me don't
Sean Connery what Liam Neeson let's go get a sandwich it doesn't matter what
kind of sandwich you want that's my line
now this was there really has been a magnificent evening this show has crossed
over for the first time into the realm of arts in fact that was that was right
after McClintock have had a stroke you know and he was still like we thought
does he still have it McClintock was a what in his 80s or he was up there yeah
he definitely started phoning it in yeah he would send people just stacks of
index cards what would say skeleton coffins yeah yeah he also made that deal
with Brock's candies at that point which was just tragic there was a there was
that billboard headline that McClintock's gunned back to the grave once
too many times right you know and then he did that whole Easter thing for a
while oh my god the Cadbury how can we forget no leave him alone
yo yo standard rapper just rapping like a rapper standard rapper just to play the
straight line rapping about this rapping by yours in mind from the street and I'm
rapping two and three gotta rap to the you gotta rap to the me gonna rap about
the street experience gonna rap to the everything a rock moving from a cave a
messiah is reborn shroud with a face imprinted on it eggs hidden
figure who this is I think it's Heston that was that was that Heston's a
has chop chop and Heston it was Richard was Richard Widmark I think at that
stage of his career there was no a list people doing his work no no he was
going back to the Widmarks people those are people who were selling you their
CD outside 7-eleven it was just with the incense it's it's a shame to see a star
falling McClintock yeah I'm a Clint the writer of the spooky bridge my friend
Jim went to meet with Jerry Lewis wants to talk about making the nutty
professor into a musical and one of the things that Jerry Lewis kept saying is
I've got a prop guy he's the best and I think of that when we talk about
McClintock this guy I'll call this prop guy when we're ready he's the best you
haven't seen a umbrella this guy has an umbrella we're gonna do a Broadway play the day the clown
cried the big thick screenplay that I've never seen the screen in the screenplay
that Jerry Lewis wrote that says about the shoes and there's an annotation that
says we need to discuss the shoes with props or something like that that's when
he found this new prop guy yeah you guys ever take a clown class I'm willing to
show us I take us through it right that sounded like I was about to teach you a
clown idea I thought I was sure that's what was coming next this certainly
sounds like we're in for a clown class yeah yeah we'd love to take a clown class
absolutely I asked a question because I think most people my age that were
theater majors you have to take a clown class and you have to reduce your
personality to one emotion and that is your clown dingleberry what was your
emotion about to yawn or something that's you know be mused resignation just
an about to yawn clown at all times that face you make right before those starts
to flare nobody gets this what I've been doing this I traveled with this one
one clown competition I don't think this is totally representative of me but
when I was 17 my my clown was like a really careless clumsy clown whereas
now had you come up with that it was given to you yeah it's just it's a
pretty standard clown I mean they're not great with their hands Mitch Mitch if
you had to be if you're in a clown class and you had to like very quickly choose
your as your essential clown quality your essential car if it wasn't about to
yawn yeah sleepy sleepy sleepy yeah I think that a professor or actually Lucy
too hot would be a good clown just constantly like wedding sweater it's
too hot when you talk as a con is that an option you cannot talk as a club for
your final you cannot talk makes that makes it's too hot so let's get that
one word they can go maybe they can do that right oh no really the Circus
Lane and you said to show the guy cuz I think I would do rethinking
Christianity like it would be like a clown a clown that was raised Lutheran
say and Catholic yeah you know and maybe it's like half the genuflection and he
just stares off big eyebrows all right so it's it's that at that point in the
show we're usually for the last eight years or so we would usually bring out
Spencer it's not here he's got the week off that's right well he was a Dan
punched him in his sleep you know Spencer was watching watching like
whatever chocolate and Dan we had a guy stabbed him with a butter knife we had a
conversation about it and it turns out hindsight being 2020 Spencer's the only
one who was never told unlike all of us that he didn't have to do the show if
he didn't want to well who told him that why was he no one ever told him
anything he just like kind of fell into this this thing and he you know he was
doing this thing and he felt like he had to do it or else there would be
horrible repercussions they didn't do it and he wasn't having a good time doing
it all the time and he felt forced to do it and we haven't really been up to
spending not that there is any like expectations that he puts on us but we
if there were an expectation we were underneath that expectation as D&D
campaigners where we don't yeah certainly by Gen Con tournament rules we
remember what happens we play too short us around we we all have an inventory
full of awesome shit that we've never used so we're to believe the word to
believe that there's something that he'd rather be doing than playing Dungeons
and Dragons on a Sunday night for free I misjudged this could we we should have
him tailed and see where he's at the batting cages right now he's playing
magic together he doesn't want to do it or anything he does he absolutely does
he loves doing it I think that but I would I was abhorred to find out more
to find to find out that he and I never really thought about it that he felt like
he had to do it that would I would never want anyone feeling like they had to do
something like Kumail texts me when we never had a single conversation about it
Kumail texts me every week that says either I got a I got an early call
time tomorrow or I'll see you tonight it doesn't matter Jeff always has a reason
to if he's not going to be here it's because he's got some gig and so we
try to replace him if we didn't the roof wouldn't necessarily cave in we haven't
had not had a comptroller yet but Aaron comes and goes dispenser was brought up
out of the odd indispensable and and never like like you put yourself in his
shoes and you think like he never actually had an opportunity to know
whether or not he what what if you were what if he were to come up in the
green room and go yeah yeah I don't want to play D&T this week I think I would
like to go what would you like to play we can play something else so that was
that moment in last week's show I think where he said like what why would my why
did you guys bring me up as we keep bringing him up and not talking to him
for like like a 10 or 15 or sometimes 20 minute span and you know it's like he
has every right to like to cater the show to whatever he wants to get out of it
you know yeah yeah I don't think there's there's it never be a single person up
here who's who's who's bummed out to be up I'm a little sad right now that he's
not here only because I love spence well now it's withdrawal it's like there's a
little table and it's like that we have to we have to on the fly we have to come
up with it because we've also our show is dependent on Spencer as a closer so
we're just as guilty as anybody of like I have a I've got a feeling there's gonna
be some rapid hey let's call them why don't we call them but call them we'll
put them on speakerphone say we and what you have to be really quiet and we'll
say hey man we just ended the show early and we just thought we missed you we
thought maybe you and I could just play some D&D my feeling was Aaron's here I'm
just coming up with this now we bring up someone from the audience we that needs
a problem resolved I'll sit at Spencer's table and I'll I wouldn't call it
dungeon mastering because there's no dungeon involved but we'll walk through
helping them solve their problem okay and I can I also can I add a pitch to
that sure maybe you can replace that pitch okay I mean I don't know how
easy it is to be we won't have the character sheets but we can remember
enough because we don't really know our character sheets all that well anyway
that you go over there sit down I play the Spencer D&D intro music and you ice
tea dungeon master a little campaign here you can make up all the make sense
they give me new characters we can pick a new character be a dream sequence yeah
I would say you could try your hand at that at ice tea dungeon master was that
too heavy an impression also gives it gives you the advantage that next time
you talk to Spencer you can say don't worry about it it went better than it's
ever been you know and then and then maybe Spencer I don't want to make a I
don't want to make a mockery of his no I see I don't want to like use your
characters because we don't have the character sheets and all it's not yeah
so we can make up new characters we could do it right I mean we so I think the
thing would be a shallow mockery of what Spencer does very well right first
step is who who who in the audience somebody's already raising their hand
who's this young man Eric do you want to come up here I was gonna ask who has
herpes Eric you can sit there yeah great no also there Eric why don't you come
sit up here cuz so people can see you I'll sit down there they know what I
look like
how's it going hello Eric so I had a book signing here like an hour before
Harmontown and it was fun so first of all I think first thing we should do is
try to guess your problem would that make that you had I said yeah I wrote a
comic book called Loki Ragnarok and role is this is so cheap plug you can put my
birthday party we're friends with the problems that nobody came really
some friends from the show here the game okay what now I'm sorry that was
called to me what's the name of the book it's called a Loki Ragnarok and role
heavy metal Norse mythology thing that sounds great thanks thanks yeah it's
selling well it's doing well like nationally but like you know it's kind
of it's a little bit jaded there's a lot of stuff to do yeah it's a tough
market man yeah when I was your age I'm judging from the lack of pores in your
skin that you're about half my age I thought it worked on I I worked in
comic books yes you can only you know who would have bought one of those
Spencer I actually bought one for him I put on his chair really only day he's
not here look guys we're gonna have to we're gonna have to get through this
without Spencer yeah yeah yeah stop bringing your right hurts too much all
right so you guys are gonna have to invent new characters on the fly and
this is the adventure of sorry what was your name Eric Eric what ask about Eric
ask about you want to do you want to give us like race or class like you want
you want to throw a wharf or human nice Eric I'll be a dwarf fighter let's say
okay dwarf fighter Aaron you're a orc cleric and you're a human human maybe
I work for the DWP or something human human civil servant great he's a
half elf resources yeah all right you know my my salary just went up
obviously and Eric you're just part of the story you're like you're a kind
of objective will evolve you second okay HT is dungeon mastery your intrepid
party has been traveling for several days across the lands of Galgathor you
tried hoping that no encounters will occur finally campfire after campfire you
sleep the sleep of the day when you wake up you ready to go again and you do so
you walk and you come upon a comic book store it seems like there's nobody there
you look around and it confirms your suspicions nobody there it's empty not
personal so begins your adventure I'll start the combat or whatever you choose
to do based on my role of initiatives this has been iced tea introducing
Dungeons and Dragons all right put it in Jeff's turn I approached the door to the
comic book store you approached the door to the comic book store it seems to be
locked with a device I take my my my my my my great sword and I try to Jimmy the
door open now hold on you just approached as Aaron's turn
it's nothing personal that wasn't just business that was that that was a
standard action that wasn't that wasn't a full move action I guess you were 10
feet from the door Mr. T I'm sorry I'm sorry it's not Mr. T motherfucker what Mr.
iced tea mr. exact yeah all right I damn it's not personal all right Aaron you
observe Jeff going up to the door trying to unlock it yeah it's your turn
no I'm asking you what to do what you want to do I detect magic on the door or
waving your arms in a magical manner you sense that the door has an
enchantment spell on it it could be some kind of magical glyph could cause
damage upon opening but you don't know what type okay Mitch well you know I've
got the DWP truck out front and you know I could just I really I could just say
the city wants to come in and check the pipes because that's the kind of shit we
do with the DWP we call that through the door yeah to who to who you don't see
anybody I do see one guy out there you don't tell me I don't tell you tell you
who you see it's an empty comic book store yeah well it looks like you want
to roll a perception shows I turn to the cleric and I say what's going on here
they saw him Loki comic books then what's your perception my perception what I
see through the crack take a number between no what say a number oh my
perceived 12 you see that there is a comic book store employee inside his
name looks like it's what do you can't tell a name yeah it looks like his name
is buzz but I would have no way of knowing you see him and he looks at you
and he's like okay Eric you're inside the store they don't they're not with you
you can't talk to them you can't see them you can't do shit nothing personal
business I I say to my to my ocelot companion chunky chunky chunky says
what I'll tell you what chunky remember and the in the in the in the ice caverns
of strumbled months yeah when you climb through that small crevice to find
the key and unlock us out of that prison yeah cool yeah I want you to climb
through the mail slot because your perfect mail slot ocelot size to climb
in there and see if you can find some way to to undo this glyph what's your
animal husbandry it's a it's I may I'm a plus seven I
Chucky moves through the mail slot with a depthness of precision you see his
tail wag out of sight as he disappears through the mail slot I put it in
Aaron's turn be mindful of your surrounding
because Aaron what are you gonna I did better in that move of D&D than I've
done the entire time as my other character why am I more invested in this
new dwarf character Aaron you observe this ferret go through the slot
ocelot child's a lot shit I use speak to animals you see and I speak to the
ocelot and ask him to let me in okay cool you speak to the ocelot the ocelot
says I'm inside so let me in what's your 100 100 I've been playing for 45
years the ocelot you hear scurrying and scampering upside the door side
scampering of claws on aluminum it seems rodential but you can't be sure but I
know it's him so you don't know shit oh you know you're outside a door that's
not personal but may but because my intelligence is zero I forgot that I
sorry what so you telling me an ocelot went through the mail slot damn you
people can keep this city you hear the scurrying in after a brief bit of
business nothing personal just black in a latch and the door ingresses open in
wide its doorness to your surroundings the doors open I call chunky them back
to my shoulder where he's safe shoot hold on it's Mitch's turn Mitch you saw
I fly go through a mail slot door open it was confusing I think I I go in and I
say guys let's keep our eye on the goal and not get sidetracked browsing flipping
through you know buying you always tell us what to do you always tell us what
yo as soon as the door opens six ogres start shooting arrows you didn't ask you
didn't know all you know is six ogres in the in the nonfiction section roll my
evasion I'll roll your invasion when your arrows come at you I need you to all
roll initiative I'll roll it for you shit oh y'all got low initiative ogres got
high initiative arrows coming from everywhere three coming at Jeff to an
Aaron one at Mitch of the three coming at Jeff one hits six damage fuck Aaron
gets hit by one of her arrows the other arrow misses Mitch it flings off your
shoulder like a flea on a brick like a flea okay you know like a flea was on a
dog no dog walk past the brick yeah and the flea took the calculated risk
shut up and the flea took a calculated risk of trying to trying to transfer
itself maybe maybe wasn't having luck with the flea business on the dog so it
jumps to the brick because they can't tell a dog from a brick visually jumps
onto a brick get get no blood no dog blood doesn't matter sorry well since
they seem to be kind of face-blind I guess I I try to convince them that we're
ogres too that's how you want to spend your turn
thinking about shit no no no I advise against it I don't usually I don't
usually dip in but it's not a wise use of your turn just because just because
Mitch works for DWP he has a huge intimidation and bluff ability yeah all
right well you got that's how I got the job the D what's your willpower I was
three sixteen all right and you doing what I'm convincing the ogres there on
our side he's saying what tell me you gotta make your case I'm saying let's
shoot Eric you know no I'm not air I'm not saying that I'm saying hey guys we
were just sent over from the main building and they are you guys ogres
because we're ogres and we're supposed to join you guys what's your charisma
what's each of your charisma's I want to know Jeff's I'm a 12 Aaron 100 Mitch
I'm up there my 26 all right hold on I got a lot of calculations to make yeah
all right the ogres seem to agree they look at each other and they're like okay
they speak ogres yeah yeah and then they seem to relax when the lead one one
who has plumes of feathers on his head he's got yeah that's Gary skull bones on
his head that's Gary he comes over with the feathers on it looks over at you
Gary knows you okay cool yeah he says come on in come on you're all ogres yeah
yeah cool come on in we gotta come in we gotta borrow some arrows all right he
come he lets you come in he closes the door behind you he latches it with
magic and the some hobbits come out outside the door and they're trying to
get in but they can't get in yeah we're closed that just goes to emphasize the
threshold you crossed lesser heroes have failed business all right you look
around you see Eric sitting behind a table he's got his comic book it's called
Loki it's got ooglots above the K makes no sense it's metal it may be it's a
misappropriation of an ooglots of an ancient linguistic device you get the
picture you it seems like he wants you to think his comic is metal but ooglots
above a consonant I don't know still he's sitting there he's got a stack of
omis got sharpie pans like paint color I go up to the Loki comic book and I do
a perception check on it or like a or detect magic or something you see it's
about 33 pages with ads there's splash pages the art looks good I don't know it's
stylized but still clean I look up and text my mom talking about the signings
going really well and I wave the lettering is legible I say to Eric is
there we were told on our last mission that there was a there was a scribe who
hit who put secret magical codes inside inside texts and we were sent in this
direction and I do you know anybody like that that that hides secret magical
messages inside books he has a no fans two thumbs and he's right here that
joke doesn't work at all yes just me yeah for me I'm a dwarf with low intelligence I call my editor
immediately in hand the phone to you okay the two of you are watching this
happen you think they may have ass burgers we knew that was a risk when we
came to a comic store what's your perception Aaron okay so you you sense
no one else does there's a green gas coming down from the vents it's coming
down like slowly at first no one notices but you notice maybe duck Benson's
shooting a podcast upstairs nice 20 experience point that's good that's good
podcast shit I like that it's cross-promotional business what I like I
hate I don't I just want to take a moment aside and tell everybody that
doesn't know I hate the personal right you're I enjoy business didn't you just
recently incorporate your I graduated with an MBA in business non-personal
business seems like I loathe the personal yeah and I am I applaud the
business is that what attracted you to show business yeah because it's a
business yeah yeah right yeah personal show I examine my surroundings and look
for staircases that might okay we're back in the game okay I'll ring that
bell ring a ding-ding motherfucker okay that's the belt that's the right that's
his belt sorry I don't mean to take charge I look around for a way to get
upstairs but I'm the dungeon master I understand you're doing a great job sorry
Mr. T. okay ice Jesus Christ man your character's living
fucking hanging from a thread you know it's running around inside a fictional
universe I control talking shit I'm a carious position saying you're Mr. T.
like B.A. Barack I'm saying I'm the you're dressing me for me yeah I get it I
get it but I see that probably that's that's something you probably get a lot
and don't like that yeah yeah yeah you ain't the first to tread in that
territory does anyone ever say that you sound a little bit like Vincent Price
sometimes what's your move man I look around for a way to get upstairs are
the stairs or some sort of way to get to the where the gas in your eyes around in
a visual manner you take in your surroundings you see that there are
three flights of stairs one north one south one east I sent chunky the
also a lot up to the eastern one and because he's a he has great stuff okay
you spent a turn looking shit Aaron I slot at the ready though he's at the
ready thank you Aaron because I see the the gas I cast a painters mask and then
I I start running up the north stairs and I look back at Mitch because we have
that packed from so long ago well also we just see each other I know right yeah
how you guys you all need to understand turn-based combat you cast the spell as
I understand it painters mask tastes one full round and it has a manual component
meaning you wave your hands and a physical component as magic chalk or you
have a lizard tail in your pouch that makes it possible to cast that spell so
you do for all of you that are observing her if anyone's looking what you see is
a mystical astro painters mask appear over her face as she runs up the north
stairway now she's trying to look back but I need to check your agility because
you're talking to other people what you're doing it okay let me like a trip
and fall on the stairs Mitch it's your turn gas is still coming down gas coming
down so all the older look around at each other there's another might not be
ogres oh that's a good point they're starting to look at each other that's
good okay Mitch so I'm gonna her wits well I don't know that that's this
guy's name well I mean he's working for that flicks motherfucker okay well we had
a meeting about doing a spin-off very briefly just called order so I go up I
I go up the other there's another staircase and I think you're gonna you're
gonna like that I thought there were three there's three total three total yeah
but Aaron's up one yeah and I go up the third and I I use my special walkie
talkie to call a guy named Chet McClintock oh sure who creates a bridge
you guessed it from one stairway to another nice all right I don't even
call him directly I call him back it's a callback you call McClintock I call back
the writer of spooky bridges yeah yeah he enters through the skylight but first
there's a wrap by Robin Williams otherwise there can't be a bridge there's
nothing to bridge if there's no wrap oh I'm clamming up the trust seems windy
oh I'd give anything to be back with Mindy I tell you I tell Aaron to go atoms but
not in the style with the big red nose like that didn't work a thousand spiders
climb out of the eyeball and spooky fire up your face and mastrels skeletons
come out of the dark coffins and bats hang out their asses climb up their
assholes with rats and glasses everybody's spooky with blood and guts oh
shit I just bust a nut that's Harmontown everybody thank you for coming that
wasn't a good ending it's not personal then that's we need Spencer back we need
Spencer Spencer we miss you let's hear from Spencer everybody